#Create the imps_services.dat 


echo 'im_ps=-s 64 -f ../data/im_ps.conf -h "ldap://localhost:20389 ldap://[IMPS_HOST_NAME]:20389 ldaps://localhost:20390 ldaps://[IMPS_HOST_NAME]:20390"' >>  $PROVHOME/data/imps_services.dat

echo 'include   "/opt/CA/IdentityManager/ProvisioningServer/data/etrust_cosx.schema"' > $PROVHOME/data/etrust_admin.conf
echo 'include   "/opt/CA/IdentityManager/ProvisioningServer/data/etrust_admin.schema"' >> $PROVHOME/data/etrust_admin.conf
echo 'include   "/opt/CA/IdentityManager/ProvisioningServer/data/etrust_dyn.schema"' >> $PROVHOME/data/etrust_admin.conf
echo 'include   "/opt/CA/IdentityManager/ProvisioningServer/data/etrust_acc.schema"' >> $PROVHOME/data/etrust_admin.conf
echo 'include   "/opt/CA/IdentityManager/ProvisioningServer/data/etrust_etc.schema"' >> $PROVHOME/data/etrust_admin.conf
echo 'include   "/opt/CA/IdentityManager/ProvisioningServer/data/etrust_nis.schema"' >> $PROVHOME/data/etrust_admin.conf
echo 'include   "/opt/CA/IdentityManager/ProvisioningServer/data/etrust_acf.schema"' >> $PROVHOME/data/etrust_admin.conf
echo 'include   "/opt/CA/IdentityManager/ProvisioningServer/data/etrust_ads.schema"' >> $PROVHOME/data/etrust_admin.conf
echo 'include   "/opt/CA/IdentityManager/ProvisioningServer/data/etrust_as4.schema"' >> $PROVHOME/data/etrust_admin.conf
echo 'include   "/opt/CA/IdentityManager/ProvisioningServer/data/etrust_db2.schema"' >> $PROVHOME/data/etrust_admin.conf
echo 'include   "/opt/CA/IdentityManager/ProvisioningServer/data/etrust_dbz.schema"' >> $PROVHOME/data/etrust_admin.conf
echo 'include   "/opt/CA/IdentityManager/ProvisioningServer/data/etrust_fnd.schema"' >> $PROVHOME/data/etrust_admin.conf
echo 'include   "/opt/CA/IdentityManager/ProvisioningServer/data/etrust_krb.schema"' >> $PROVHOME/data/etrust_admin.conf
echo 'include   "/opt/CA/IdentityManager/ProvisioningServer/data/etrust_lnd.schema"' >> $PROVHOME/data/etrust_admin.conf
echo 'include   "/opt/CA/IdentityManager/ProvisioningServer/data/etrust_n16.schema"' >> $PROVHOME/data/etrust_admin.conf
echo 'include   "/opt/CA/IdentityManager/ProvisioningServer/data/etrust_ora.schema"' >> $PROVHOME/data/etrust_admin.conf
echo 'include   "/opt/CA/IdentityManager/ProvisioningServer/data/etrust_pls.schema"' >> $PROVHOME/data/etrust_admin.conf
echo 'include   "/opt/CA/IdentityManager/ProvisioningServer/data/etrust_pps.schema"' >> $PROVHOME/data/etrust_admin.conf
echo 'include   "/opt/CA/IdentityManager/ProvisioningServer/data/etrust_rac.schema"' >> $PROVHOME/data/etrust_admin.conf
echo 'include   "/opt/CA/IdentityManager/ProvisioningServer/data/etrust_rsa.schema"' >> $PROVHOME/data/etrust_admin.conf
echo 'include   "/opt/CA/IdentityManager/ProvisioningServer/data/etrust_sap.schema"' >> $PROVHOME/data/etrust_admin.conf
echo 'include   "/opt/CA/IdentityManager/ProvisioningServer/data/etrust_sbl.schema"' >> $PROVHOME/data/etrust_admin.conf
echo 'include   "/opt/CA/IdentityManager/ProvisioningServer/data/etrust_sql.schema"' >> $PROVHOME/data/etrust_admin.conf
echo 'include   "/opt/CA/IdentityManager/ProvisioningServer/data/etrust_tss.schema"' >> $PROVHOME/data/etrust_admin.conf
echo 'include   "/opt/CA/IdentityManager/ProvisioningServer/data/etrust_eiam.schema"' >> $PROVHOME/data/etrust_admin.conf
echo 'include   "/opt/CA/IdentityManager/ProvisioningServer/data/eta_ops.conf"' >> $PROVHOME/data/etrust_admin.conf
echo 'include   "/opt/CA/IdentityManager/ProvisioningServer/data/cosine.schema"' >> $PROVHOME/data/etrust_admin.conf

